TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.	Introduction
These Mobile Application Standard Terms and Conditions written on this page shall manage your use of this Mobile Application. These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of this Mobile Application. By using this Mobile Application, you agreed to accept all terms and conditions written in here. You must not use this Mobile Application if you disagree with any of these Mobile Application Standard Terms and Conditions.
Minors or people below 18 years old are not allowed to use this Mobile Application.
2.	Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, SPARK and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Mobile Application.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Mobile Application.
3.	Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following
•	publishing any Mobile Application material in any other media;
•	selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Mobile Application material;
•	publicly performing and/or showing any Mobile Application material;
•	using this Mobile Application in any way that is or may be damaging to this Mobile Application;
•	using this Mobile Application in any way that impacts user access to this Mobile Application;
•	using this Mobile Application contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Mobile Application, or to any person or business entity;
•	engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Mobile Application;
•	using this Mobile Application to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Mobile Application are restricted from being access by you and SPARK may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Mobile Application, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Mobile Application are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
4.	Your Content
In these Mobile Application Standard Terms and Conditions, “Your Content” shall mean any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this Mobile Application. By displaying Your Content, you grant SPARK a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party’s rights. SPARK reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this Mobile Application at any time without notice.
5.	No warranties
This Mobile Application is provided “as is,” with all faults, and SPARK express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Mobile Application or the materials contained on this Mobile Application. Also, nothing contained on this Mobile Application shall be interpreted as advising you.
6.	Limitation of liability
In no event shall SPARK, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Mobile Application whether such liability is under contract.  SPARK, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Mobile Application.
7.	Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent SPARK from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
8.	Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
9.	Variation of Terms
SPARK is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Mobile Application you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.
10.	Assignment
The SPARK is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
11.	Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between SPARK and you in relation to your use of this Mobile Application, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.
12.	Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of United Kingdom, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in United Kingdom for the resolution of any disputes.

